Welcome to the blockchain nano degree course.
Our lesson topic is receive,
transfer, and send funds.
We're going to divide this lesson up into four main sections.
In the first, we are going to review some of the Ether and
payment fundamentals that you've covered in previous courses.
Next, we're going to take a look at the SafeMath library that ensures that
your smart contract code does math in a secure way.
We'll follow that by an exploration of payment protection patterns.
When you're smart contracts have payments,
there are some established design patterns that you can use to
ensure that you handle transactions in a secure manner.
Finally, we will review 10 best practices for securing smart contracts.
The skills that we will cover in this lesson are,
first, the knowledge of Ether and payment fundamentals.
Now, you've written code for this before in prior lessons,
but we're going to focus more on the security aspects of it.
You will also learn when it's appropriate to use
the SafeMath library for proper handling of math and prevent things like overflows.
You will learn the skills necessary for
protecting payments using three design patterns that we're going to cover.
Finally, we are going to review a variety of attacks that are possible,
and how you can protect your smart contracts.
最新课程跟课件还有一对一辅导请加wx：udacity6